#  Artificial Intelligence for Automotive System Simulation

Backhoe model, including hydraulic actuators for arm and bucket tilt, and multibody dynamics. The JPL Open Source Rover. Gazebo simulation for Grizzly Robotic Utility Vehicle (RUV). Modular Ambulance Design Based on KANO-AHP-FCE Model. EV Dynamics Simulation. Carla GymDrive. openpilot is an operating system for robotics. RV Camper Mod design files, CAD designs power management & monitoring systems. HybridTransmission is a Dyad component library. The open ECU is an open electronic control module. RoboCar is a modular, low footprint and easy to deploy autonomous driving software. Autoware is an open-source software stack for self-driving vehicles. RTK Autosteer system. AV4EV Open-Source Modular Autonomous Electric Vehicle Platform. Open Source Car Control (OSCC). The OpenPodcar is an affordable hardware and software platform for self-driving car research. Open Instance Multi-Domain Motor Library using Modelica. The OpenIPSL or Open-Instance Power System Library is a library of power system component models. Free library from the Modelica Association for interface definitions and architectures for vehicle system modeling. Free library to simulate power trains of electric and hybrid vehicles. Electrical System for the AutoRally project. Free library that contains models with different complexity for simulating of electric energy storages. Eclipse Velocitas provides a development toolchain to create containerized in-vehicle applications (Vehicle Apps). OSCAR IDE is an end-to-end design tool covering both hardware and software modules of an autonomous car. ICEngines repository contains examples, tutorials, and libraries related to internal combustion engine simulations using OpenFOAM. Modelica-MVEMLib is a free Modelica implementation of a Mean Value Engine modeling framework. CETRAN open-source Simulation (CoSim) Framework. The NATURE (Navigating All Terrains Using Robotic Exploration) autonomy stack is an full stack for autonomous off-road navigation

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

